Readme file for SILex version 1.0

This software is Copyright (C) 1997 by Danny Dube', all rights reserved

Description
-----------

SILex is a lexical analyser generator with a Lex-like syntax.
This directory contains the sources of the program and documentation.

Contents of the directory:

README		This file.
action.l	Action lexical analyser specification.
action.l.scm	Action lexical analyser.
class.l		Character class lexical analyser specification.
class.l.scm	Character class lexical analyser.
lex.scm		Entire program, uses "load"s.
lexparser.scm	Parser for specification files.
macro.l		Macro lexical analyser specification.
macro.l.scm	Macro lexical analyser.
main.scm	Main module.
multilex.scm	Run-time module for the user's programs.
nfa2dfa.scm	Transformation from a NFA to a DFA.
noeps.scm	Elimination of epsilon-transitions.
output.scm	Output files generation.
output2.scm	Auxiliary generation module; automatically generated.
prep.scm	Some pre-printing functions.
re2nfa.scm	Transformation from regular expressions to a NFA.
regexp.l	Regular expressions lexical analyser specification.
regexp.l.scm	Regular expressions lexical analyser.
silex.scm	Entire program; automatically generated.
silex.texi	Source of the documentation in Texinfo.
string.l	String lexical analyser specification.
string.l.scm	String lexical analyser.
sweep.scm	Elimination of "dead" states.
updateo2.scm	Generation of the module "output2.scm".
updatesi.scm	Generation of the file "silex.scm".
util.scm	Constants, data structures and common functions.

Permissions
-----------

The program can be used freely for personal, educational or research
purposes.  For any commercial use, the author must be contacted.

The program can be modified as long as the permissions remain the same
as they are now.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
without any warranty.

Author
------

The author is Danny Dube'.

Bug reports or other messages can be sent at:
	dube@iro.umontreal.ca

If you want to modify or improve the program yourself, you can get the
sources in the home page of the author at:
	http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/~dube
